
Timeline notes + Creature evolution notes.


Lore;

They are almost as old as information.
When the first information burst into existance inexplictly from the conformity of nothing, they were not far behind.
Mindless, directionless, yet still with a basic hunger. Almost certainly the first lifeform, if such a thing could be called
 a life. They dont replicate, they simply form from the randomness out of chance.
They eat information with no preferance or bias. eat till they could take no more, and then explode back into the data - 
having almost no net effect on the universe other then a slight inprecision in the information of all things.

We call this quantom background noise. Its the natural state of things.

We might not exist without it infact. The infovours are the process by which our world seems non-deterministic, maybe without
them we could not have freewill - at least as we understand it.

Most inforvours have remained like this till this day. Immune to all evolutionary pressures - all information is the same to them,
and its quanity never changes, so why should they?

[Type 1; Basic Infovour]
---
There has been a few more rarer types, however, emerging also out of shear chance.
Those with a preferance - those, for whatever reason - attune to a specific pattern of data that represents something.
A object, a idea, a concept.
A particular type of information.
They will only consume this type, despite the fact they are still attracted by all types of information.

[Type 2; Fussy Infovour].

Those two types were all there was for the length of the universe. Historys passing seemingly nothing to these creatures.
Till something happened.

Some event very recently. Less then a blink in historys eye. Something introduced new patturns into their data.
Infovours seemed to gain pre-processed information into their very structure. On a fundimental level they started to understand
things.
Not in great ways, but still for creatures without any senses's and no direct links to anything human, they started to act
more like life we see on earth.



...?

[..Infovour full family tree starts here]

{fragments of a human mind has mixed with them, given various ones different abilitys, some agressive, some able to avoid or dodge things.
The incident that fractured a mind into data has made the infovours a real threat}












